Add more notes about text index (#5630)
ClickHouse/clickhouse-docs: docs/best-practices/using_data_skipping_indices.md

* **set(N)**: Tracks a set of values up to a specified size N for each block. Effective on columns with low cardinality per blocks.
* **text**: Builds an inverted index over tokenized string data, enabling efficient and deterministic full-text search. Recommended for natural language or large free-form text columns where precise token lookup and scalable multi-term search are required, instead of approximate Bloom filter–based approaches.
* **bloom_filter**: Probabilistically determines if a value exists in a block, allowing fast approximate filtering for set membership. Effective for optimizing queries looking for the “needle in a haystack”, where a positive match is needed.
* **tokenbf_v1 / ngrambf_v1**: *(Deprecated)* Specialized Bloom filter variants designed for searching tokens or character sequences in strings — particularly useful for log data or text search use cases.

> > Note: With **text** indexes generally availability (GA) starting from ClickHouse version 26.2, **ngrambf_v1** and **tokenbf_v1** indexes are NOT recommended anymore for full text search.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::note
With general availability (GA) of the `text` index starting from ClickHouse version 26.2, `tokenbf_v1` and `ngrambf_v1` indexes are no longer recommended for full text search.
See page ["Full-text search with text indexes"](/engines/table-engines/mergetree-family/textindexes.md) for details.
:::
```

Author: Solved via [ceb6a6a](https://github.com/ClickHouse/clickhouse-docs/pull/5630/commits/ceb6a6a700110f9295f666cee317b506f8f352d8)

Reviewer 2: Minor: Could we shorten this a bit?
- remove l. 32
- and instead say in l. 30: `* **tokenbf_v1 / ngrambf_v1**: Specialized Bloom filter variants designed for searching tokens or character sequences in strings — particularly useful for log data or text search use cases. Deprecated in ClickHouse versions >= 26.2 in favor of text indexes.`
